335Final
========
Repository for the final project in CS335
Francisco "Gabe" Serrano
Dionysus Birnbaum - took a long time to make GIT work and they still haven't approved the student account


*README UPDATE FOR TURNIN*

Requirements
Maps:
•	Maps must be randomly generated when a new game is made
	- Each map is randomly generated by seed using DiamondSquare algorithm.
	
•	Maps must feature at least four different types of terrain/obstacles, and four different resources that can be gathered.
	- Four resources are:
		-solar (collected through power plant during day cycle)
		-methane (collected ambiently via methane plant)
		-iron (collected by drones by selecting tiles, only available after jetpack upgrade bought)
		-carbon (collected by drones by selecting tiles)
		
•	Maps must be large enough for a player to comfortably expand and build a settlement
	- Maps are 2^7 x 2^7 on each side, and can be generated larger.
	
o	The vast majority of the map should be undeveloped
	- Map starts with only one building 
	
•	The Map should be larger than can be shown on a single screen. Thus, it must be possible to pan around the map to see different parts of the map.
	- Scroll around map with arrow keys on keyboard
	
•	Maps must be 2D grids that can be represented in a text format
	- Map displays as 2d grid, demoed text format for iteration one, removed for final iteration
	
Agents:
•	The player should start with a handful of Agents (not too many, and not too few)
	- Player starts with 3 drones
	
•	Agents should have at least three Needs that increase over time that they must fulfill (e.g. Hunger, Thirst, Fatigue)
	- Drones have 3 needs:
		- Power for actions
		- Methane for movement
		- Maintenance for general wear
		 
o	If an Agent can’t fulfill a need for an extended period of time, they should die, quit, or otherwise leave the settlement.
	- If buildings aren't built to provide resources quickly, drones will die.
	
•	The player should not have direct control over the actions of an Agent (i.e. agents make their own decisions about what to do based on their needs and the command issued by a player)
	- Players can only assign tasks to the group of drones, no individuals.
	
o	Agents must carry out the actions of the Player if they have fulfilled their needs
	- Drones accomplish tasks when not preserving self(building, collecting, etc)
	
•	There must be a way for the player to attract or hire new Agents to the settlement either actively, or passively.
	- With enough resources player can construct new drones at the Engineering building
	
•	Agents must be able to make use of items and rooms to fulfill their needs or carry out the Player’s tasks.
	- Use item buttons to upgrade the group drones with items
	* Drones do not go to buildings/rooms to upgrade, only to fulfill needs
	
•	An Agent must be able to gather resources, but must have a limited amount of resources they can carry.
	- Select a group of resources and assign drones to collectors.  They will collect and deposit resources in the base.
	
o	Agents must be able to deposit resources in a container.
	- See above
•	The player loses if they have no more agents.
	- Player will lose with no more drones
	
General
•	It must be possible to save a game in progress, and load it at a later date.
	- User is given option to start a saved game on start
	
•	The game must play in real-time (not turn based, and without long delays)

•	The game must use simple graphics to show the map.

•	The game must have a win condition
	- Player wins by building farms which terraform ground.
	 
o	This opposition could be anything from natural disasters like an earthquake or blizzard, to an invasion by an angry army of Goblins.
	- Plasma storms damage drones and buildings 


 